[Practice] Reverting changes (#1754)
opensearch-project/security: MAINTAINERS.md

- [OpenSearch Security Maintainers](#opensearch-security-maintainers)
  - [Maintainers](#maintainers)
    - [Updating Practices](#updating-practices)

> - [Practices](#practices)

Author: > But this is a good topic to discuss on organization level.

@cliu123 Different repositories inside OpenSearch-Project will have different requirements to avoid all of those situations, I am tailoring this document around our repo first.

### Updating Practices
To ensure common practices as maintainers, all practices are expected to be documented here or enforced through github actions.  There should be no expectations beyond what is documented in the repo [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and OpenSearch-Project [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/opensearch-project/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).  To modify an existing processes or create a new one, make a pull request on this MAINTAINERS.md for review and merge it after all maintainers approve of it.

# Practices

> ## Reverting Commits

Author: > Are we make reverting commits a part of regular basis practices?

@cliu123 Could you include the language that you'd like to see changed or your recommendation you have?

Reviewer: The language looks good to me. My question is on the process of reverting and how we can minimize revert.

Reviewer 2: If the to-be-reverted change is blocking, failing builds or disrupting in other ways, and a fix forward is not quick, we should revert and work on a fix that reverts the revert plus any other changes needed to fix the initial issue. @cliu123 I believe that's what you are pointing at, as in reverting should be a last resort to unblock rather than the go-to strategy for fixing things, and I think that's exactly what that first paragraph on this PR conveys... but if it's not clear please feel free to suggest re-wording.

There will be changes that destabilize or block contributions.  The impact of these changes will be localized on the repository or even the entire OpenSearch project.  We should bias towards keeping contributions unblocked by immediately reverting impacting changes, these reverts will be done by a maintainer.  After the change has been reverted, an issue will be openned to re-merge the change and callout the elements of the contribution that need extra examination such as additional tests or even pull request workflows.

> Exceptional, instead of immediately reverting, if a contributor knows how and will resolve the issue in an hour we should fix-forward to reduce overhead.

Reviewer 3: This is a great addition. A small question on the same line. Are we having a firm timeline to resolve the issue in an hour or should we be more specific by providing an hour as an example?

Author: This is documented firm to ensure issues are resolved quickly.  If we see a reason to modify this amount of time this document can be updated.

### Performing Revert
Go to the pull request of the change that was an issue, there is a `Revert` button at the bottom.  If there are no conflicts to resolve, this can be done immediately bypassing standard approval.

> Reverts can also be done via the command line using `git revert` and creating a new pull request.  If done in this way they should have references to the pull request that was reverted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reverts can also be done via the command line using `git revert <commit_id>` and creating a new pull request.  If done in this 
```

Author: Done in [1ba40dd](https://github.com/opensearch-project/security/pull/1754/commits/1ba40dd5e7aa2a8516e65e207f44f0501cbc536e)
